chore: drift command adjustments (#2947)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/loopback-drift-transport.md

---
'@redocly/cli': patch
---

> Fixed the `drift` command's `security-baseline` rule reporting false-positive "credential exposure over insecure HTTP transport" warnings for traffic captured against loopback hosts (`localhost`, `*.localhost`, `127.0.0.0/8`, `[::1]`). Loopback traffic never leaves the machine, matching the W3C Secure Contexts definition of trustworthy origins, so sandboxed recordings — for example from `redocly proxy` in front of a local target during e2e runs — no longer produce transport warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `drift` command's `security-baseline` rule reported false-positive "credential exposure over insecure HTTP transport" warnings for traffic captured against loopback hosts, for example: `localhost`, `*.localhost`, `127.0.0.0/8`, `[::1]`.
Sandboxed recordings no longer produce transport warnings.
```
